.
It hurts, doesn't it?
You all feel better tomorrow, Betty.
Believe me, only one day.
And it won't hurt as much.
Do you feel like eating?
I think some dinner.
Oh, don't look so sad.
Let me tell you about your dinner.
It's ice cream.
It's cream.
All kinds of flavors?
Chocolate?
Ha, ha, strawberry.
Vanilla.
Vanilla, too?
I see you're feeling better already, Betty.
So you will have dinner.
OK, honey, we'll see too at the chew
have strawberry and vanilla ice cream.
Just rest now.
You need some rest to help you get better quickly.
OK?
Hi, Frank.
How you doing?
Oh, come on, now.
You're a big boy.
Doesn't hurt that much, does it?
I'm sorry.
It hurt so much, and you won't be able to have dinner.
You're just going to have to have ice cream.
Yes?
Ice cream.
Lots of flavors?
Want to hear them?
Chocolate.
Then chocolate it is.
One scoop or two.
Three scoops.
Then three it will be.
You want three scoops also?
Chocolate, too.
Well, I see you're feeling better.
Well, at least you're acting like you feel better.
Three scoops of chocolate ice cream for Tim coming up.
Hi, Carl.
How you doing?
I know it hurts, but it'll be better tomorrow.
In the meantime, what would you like?
So price.
I promised you a surprise, didn't I?
It wasn't just ice cream, was it?
Your birthday is tomorrow, isn't it?
Well, maybe.
Just maybe there won't be a surprise.
But first, you have to smile.
I just want to see one smile from you.
No smile, no surprise.
That's the deal.
If you want to surprise, then you've got a smile first.
Mm-hmm.
How are you all doing?
Well, I'm glad you're feeling better, big heart.
A little surprise for you today.
It's Carl's birthday.
And we have Popo the clown to entertain you.
And here he is!
Popo the clown!
APPLAUSE
OK.
All right, everybody.
OK, Carl.
It's your birthday.
What'd you wish?
What would you like?
Mm?
You want to play charades?
OK.